# Call 20/6/24
## Items to discuss
# Discussed
### Organisational
- Scheduling meetings (2, 3 times a week ?)
- Task system on github
- English language ?

### Technical
- Environment: Linux ? (see subject: zsh ? bash ?)
- Testing system for each "module"

### Misc
- Pipex: cmegret l'as fait, fallan fait minitalk
- Documentation: on se repartit la lecture ?

## Other things discussed
- Github issues: when making a commit, use "#2" to refer to issue #2 automatically
- Branching: make branches as often as possible and as many as necessary
	=> easier to cut things up, helps to isolate code

# Call 21-6-24
21/6/24 â€“ 11am (Discord)
## Items to discuss
- Documentation, research

# Next meeting: 26/6/24 (hour to determine early next week)
- Watch videos
- Re-read subject
- Start making visual schemas of project


- Cmegret: thinks the execution block will not change much


- To do:
	- Re-read subject and make list of tasks + requirements, dependencies on Github	
		=> make individual lists (on own Github branch) and then discuss over call, confront them => synthesize
	- Code examples of each function
	- Start making visual schemas of project
	- Planning

- To do after:
	- Make most basic shell that executes basic commands
- 